[AUDIO LOGO]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> With me today on this
"Truth Hunter" special is Tim,
a tactical advisor to
covert German analysts,
trying to understand the
missions and strategies
of nonhuman intelligences on our
planet, in this solar system,
and beyond.
Tim, welcome to "Truth Hunter."
>> Thank you, Linda.
>> You have talked
about Being 6.
And it's B-E-I-N-G 6.
And you have talked
about a level
of seven frequencies
in which there
are various consciousnesses.
Have you worked
directly with Being 6?
And what is it that
you would define
as being in that level 6?
And what exactly is Being 6's
relationship with us on Earth?
>> OK, so Being 6 is a
consciousness being that used
to be on level 6 consciousness.
It's a so-called
mindset being, which
means that you as a observer,
as a consciousness unit,
you have to make a
willingful decision in order
to commit your life
and your soul way
to a certain destination.
And Being 6 is a combination
of different individuals,
of different collective
memories, of different species,
and so on and so on.
So there's no cohesiveness
inside of this world.
It's a destination, so to speak,
where everyone in this universe
can find their own
home, be individually.
But everyone commits to
the idea that because we
are all different aspects
of the same being,
that we commit ourselves to
a certain point of harmony,
of cooperation, and so forth.
>> But what happens when you are
in some kind of communication
with Being 6?
If I were seeing you in
communication with Being 6,
would it be you standing,
talking to air, space?
Or is there a light?
Or is there a being?
Or what is there?
>> If you think about these
containers that I was talking
about, these containers were not
only used for the meetings with
the Greys and potentially
for meetings with other
extraterrestrial lifeforms.
But it can also be used in order
to compress certain frequencies
inside of these
containers in order
to make it possible that
through compressed frequencies,
you can have a direct
face-to-face interaction
with a consciousness
life form that
is on a different
plane of reality.
>> And what do you see?
>> Good question.
So what I did perceive was
a very crisp blue light
that was just hovering
on my eye level.
It's a very crisp blue light.
And the best I could explain
it is like a crystalline moving
form or something.
And I asked the tech guy
why it is a blue light.
And, also, I've been
explained, and I've also
observed that many times,
that different people
with different
cultural backgrounds,
different experiences,
or different expectations
see and interpret
this data differently.
So not all of those who
have interacted with Being 6
see a blue crystalline form.
Some see a human form,
which is just blue skin.
But it's always blue.
So some see other things, but
they still have a bluish skin,
like a blue light.
And I asked the
tech guy why that
is because I was
wondering why people
have so many
different experiences,
but it's always a blue light.
And the reason why
that is he told
me is that when
frequencies get compressed,
the wavelengths alter.
And you have either a
tendency towards a red light
or a blue light because those
have different wavelengths
and different frequencies.
As I have experienced
like a crystalline form,
the one thing that I
found very interesting
is that we have all these
different historical
relationships to
blue beings, thinking
of India and the Vedas,
where you have a blue--
>> Krishna.
Right.
And we see that in different
parts of the world as well.
So we have Mesopotamia
and Egypt where
we have statues, where you can
see pigments of blue color.
>> But does that mean that then
the beings from frequency 6
would have been based on
the Earth in a matter form?
And how would they do that?
>> What has been explained
to me is that we have natural
occurring rivers of
frequency around this planet.
And at certain
points of the planet,
frequencies are
naturally compressed.
And those places,
when you meditate,
there might be a chance
that the frequencies are so
compressed that you have
direct experience with one
of these higher
frequential beings,
especially at certain
times, thinking of equinox
in the year where those
frequencies get naturally
compressed.
>> And if you were picking a
blue that all of us might know,
what is the blue that
you saw in that light?
>> I mean, it's almost
like the blue of this cup.
>> Which is like a teal.
>> It's a teal.
But the interesting
thing to me is
that when you look at
this 3D perspective,
it appears kind of blurry to
me compared to the crisp light
that Being 6 irradiated.
It's just as if you're
looking at a super 4K
television compared
to, say, a television
from the '90s or something.
So the frequencies
compressed are
so bright and crisp
that a thought like,
this is like a higher
resolution image
compared to anything else.
>> Well, it interests me that in
2020 to 2021 was the first time
I was introduced through
some people who would have,
let's say, military or aerospace
knowledge here in the United
States.
And it was about
teal, blue beings
that have been drawn for
me to use in a program.
And they communicated
with me that they
were shocked that I
had this illustration
of these teal, blue
beings because nobody
is supposed to know about them.
And now in dialogue
with you, is it possible
that it is the seven frequencies
that Being 6 is like a teal?
And that the frequency of 6 is
interacting with our planet,
that officials and
authorities know,
but they don't want
anybody else to know?
>> I don't know if officials
don't want that out there,
because--
but what's for certain
is that Being 6
has been communicating
with Earth over at least
20,000 years, maybe
from the beginning
on because at level 6 frequency,
we don't have time in the sense
we do have here.
So, basically, it's
outside of time.
And we found that Being 6
collects a lot of different--
contains a lot of species,
a lot of individuals,
a lot of different
forms of life.
Everything you can imagine
is part of Being 6.
So you have an enormous mass of
consciousness units contained
within this kind
of mindset being.
>> Do you have any sense or
even maybe mental perspective
on what Being 6 sees and
experiences in our 3D world?
And why would it be
interacting here if it only
appears as a blue light?
>> So I do have a perspective
on how Being 6 perceives
the world.
And the interesting
thing is compared
to the conversation
with the Greys,
Being 6 has a very different
perspective of reality
and a very different emphasis
and focus on what is important.
>> Like?
>> Like, so the Grays have
this hands-on mentality,
which means they intellectualize
things and like to find
solutions.
That's why they, for
example, offer administration
over certain parts of the galaxy
or even whole star systems
or something in a very
hands-on mentality
so that they put hybrids there.
They are certainly
invasive in many ways,
in a way that they directly
interact with species.
Being 6 has a very philosophical
standpoint of view,
which is very interesting
because compared to that--
both perspectives
have a certain sense
of what's wrong with Earth.
But if you're thinking
about the Greys,
they think that all
the technology has not
been used in order to sustain
a positive planet and--
>> Compatibility with the Earth.
We end up making technologies
that they give us
into weapons often.
>> Yeah, so what they would
have loved to see is--
and that's why they gave so
many technologies to humans--
is use it, use the
technology for common good,
and build your species around
that, compared to Being 6,
they don't care
about technology.
They don't care
about certain things.
They have this sense that
the biggest problem on Earth
is a disbalance between female
and male energies, which
is a very different mindset.
And that might as
well be what people
have these meditative
experiences maybe
with different
beings and receive
very impractical advices.
>> Give an example.
>> Oh, like if you know who you
are, nothing can disturb you.
This is a very
unpractical advice
on 3D level of consciousness.
It makes sense in a way
that when you have a level 6
experience and
you overlook time,
and you know that everything
is going to be all right, then
of course, the illusion of
what we are experiencing here,
it doesn't bother you because
you grew above that in a way.
But once you are
in time and inside
of some problematic
sociocultural system
or something or even a universe
that has still open challenges,
then problems actually
matter for a lot of people
that receive those problems.
>> Right.
And it sounds like from
a Being 6 perspective.
Explain how they would
look at the cycles of life
and death in human life here.
>> Right.
From their perspective,
there's no difference anymore
between being alive
and being dead.
It's just a different
perception of reality
where you are entering
from one situation
into another situation, where
you can continue your life
and continue
experiencing things.
But on a 3D plane of
life, experiencing death
is maybe way different
because you are
so close to what's happening.
>> But why is it then that the
Greys would be preoccupied with
keeping the souls of Homo
sapiens sapien with certain
containers for a very specific
length of time as if there is
something that the Greys are
either aware of or trying
to accomplish with keeping souls
with certain body containers?
That would seem that they are
concerned about what happens
to the soul and the body.
And would that be of
interest to Being 6 or not?
>> So Being 6 made it very clear
that they do not think genetic
modification is a practical good
thing to do because they say
if the universe is let alone
and do its thing without
manipulating things, then that's
the best experience you can
have.
Just let things come and
let things go in that way.
Also, relationships--
so I found it
very interesting because
the Greys, they don't pair.
They don't have loving
relationships or something,
which is something that they are
interested in because on Earth,
love, interest, and stuff is
true form and a true experience
for humanity.
But the Greys,
certainly, were one
of these influences that
have, for example, brought
marriage to the
sociocultural system of Earth
because what they like to
do is making contracts.
So two consciousness
units or two aspects
of the universe that commit
themselves to go together
for a certain amount
of time, probably
a whole length of a lifespan,
might be very beneficial
for them, too, because they
can train together and grow
together and stuff, compared
to what Being 6 said,
is that they would love to see
the natural cycles of coming
and going determine the way
relationships look like.
So no marriage, no staying
together for too long.
Just let the energy
do the thing.
That would be something
that they would love to see.
So they are so different
viewpoints on reality
from one side to the other.
>> So what is the relationship
of the Grey world to the 6
frequency to Being 6?
Do they work together?
Are they enemies?
Are they friends?
>> So one of the major
projects that have been done is
to integrate warrior-type
species into Being 6.
So Being 6 is a mindset
being or a destination
in the universe, if you want
to call it, where mostly--
at that time, where only
very benevolent and loving,
harmonious species, individuals,
collectives, and so on
and so forth were contained.
>> And that would mean then the
Earth would not be in so much
conflict and violence and war?
>> That would mean that they
don't have any clue about what
it means to be competitive.
And that is, for example,
why so many advices
from spiritual sites are
not practical compared
to a situation where you
have a warrior-type species.
Just as a metaphor, if you
have Jesus who is absolutely
peaceful and Nietzsche
called him a failed way
because in the end, Jesus didn't
succeed in bringing his message
forward, because a
warrior-type species--
>> Rome killed him.
>> I mean, in the long run,
Jesus would say in the end,
everything is good.
But that doesn't apply for
those people who are practically
suffering in the now.
So that is basically
the difference.
And a Being 6 species
would always say,
don't mind about the bad,
concentrate on the good,
and don't fight.
Just be and be happy
and harmonious.
But then you have certain
species and aspects
in the world.
And we talked about this 95%
to 5%, which even is more--
which is-- on the higher planes,
you have higher frequentials.
You have even more
positive beings.
But you still have
a certain amount
of beings that are
self-destructive.
>> So how is the universe
going to operate with
self-destructiveness?
And Being 6 certainly
is a being--
used to be a being that had no
defensive mechanisms at all.
So a species that is well
invasive and destructive
could easily try to invade
and take over Being 6.
And because it's so mild,
so harmonious, so positive,
it wouldn't have had any
chance to defend itself.
>> Well, on the Earth, the
sad part is that the 5% end up
holding hostage the other 95%
to the war and to the violence.
And it's as if I'm remembering
talking to somebody back
in the early 1980s about MJ-12,
which, in the United States,
was a group of men
that Truman assigned
to try to deal with the
complications of UFOs and ETs.
And I was told that
each of those members
was assigned different facets.
And one of them was MJ-8.
And he was supposed
to be concentrating
on the different types
of intelligences here
and what they wanted and
what they wanted from us.
And that the man who
was talking to me
had had a discussion with him.
And the question was if there
are a variety of nonhumans--
and Homo sapien is like
a baby species on Earth--
how do we get a perspective
on which ones would be
friendly, neutral, and hostile?
And what would be the
relationship of the universe
to this planet in
the solar system?
The MJ-8 allegedly answered,
"There is a cold, dark sea
around this Universe."
And when he was asked,
what is the cold, dark sea?
He answered, "You
don't want to know."
And ever since that discussion
that I had back in 1982,
I have asked a
variety of people,
what is the cold, dark sea?
And why is it that
we should not know?
Why is it there?
And what is it doing?
Do you have any perspective
on a cold, dark sea
that surrounds
this universe that
might be known to
Being 6 and the Greys,
but humans are basically left
out of the whole education?
>> I don't know if this
is literally a dark,
black sea or if it's a
metaphor for something.
But there are
certainly some parts
of the universe which display
very destructive and bad
features and so on.
So the universe is capable of
displaying nightmares in a way.
But that doesn't mean the
universe is a nightmare.
It's basically, at least
on the lower planes,
95 benevolent and nice.
And the higher the
grade of experience
and self-reflectiveness
of the universe is,
the more entropy is reduced, the
more the universe gets unified,
the better and more
beautiful the universe
becomes because that is
basically what Being 6--
and you must imagine that
at level 6 consciousness,
we're talking about the
whole universe Being 6
except for one only
species that remains bad.
>> Which ones are they?
>> Oh, that can be defined
from our perspective right now.
So in an ontological sense,
it's a antithesis of good.
That's the best
that we can put it.
So we're dealing with such a
high frequency at that point
that you can only say
it's the opposite of good
that's living there.
And it's only being there
until that moment where
it gets solved.
So when that paradox of a
enormous, big universe--
we're talking about almost the
infinity of everything existing
in the universe,
which is, at level 6,
benevolent and beautiful
because at that point,
all these trillions and
billions of forms of life
have realized that there's
enough space in infinity
to offer a home for everyone,
and that we do better
if we inspire each other
and when we help each other.
So--
>> But there's still one--
>> There's still one--
>> Negative.
>> --one negative,
so concentrated being
because we're talking about
the whole beach compared to one
grain of sand.
>> But why couldn't
that whole 99% or 95%--
why couldn't they get rid of
the one terrible negative?
>> Right.
That is when the Greys
and also humanity kicks in
because we are dealing with
a competitive character
of the universe
that is aggressive,
which is very, very,
very small at level 6.
But the whole entire universe
that is only mild, harmonious,
and nondefensive could not get
in opposition to that they just
don't have the ability
to be counter-aggressive.
And that is when
warrior-type species
are needed because even though I
wouldn't sign for any conflict,
I appreciate when beings are
cooperative and friendly.
But if you have a very invasive,
self-destructive element
in the universe, one of
the things that can be done
is put pressure against that.
And that is when this
archetype of a light warrior--
if you want to use
that metaphor--
that is when this
light warrior kicks in.
And a--
>> Like Saint Michael.
>> Like Saint
Michael, like Shiva,
who fights the evil and stuff.
I wouldn't say-- and Being
6 says that as well--
there's no sense in fighting
evil because being aggressive--
when the universe fights
itself, it makes no sense,
because it's an inner fight
or something that at a certain
level, all species know
that they cannot die.
They cannot be hurt.
They can heal themselves.
So fighting doesn't make so
much sense on the higher planes.
>> What would Being 6 be trying
to communicate, let's say,
with you and your group in
Germany about what it would
like to accomplish either with
technology that it would share
with humans?
Is there that kind of sharing
from level 6 with us on Earth?
>> So what Being 6 needs to do
and to accomplish is to finally
get rid of that very
bad one being at level 6
because at that point, all
paradoxes of the universe are
solved.
And we have an
integrated level 7 being.
That is what they
want to achieve.
They cannot become whole
without that one being that is
the antithesis of
good being isolated.
It needs to integrate that part.
It can never be whole
without every part
of the universe being
integrated into the big picture.
And that's what they aim for.
But they don't want
that bad character
being infiltrated and
going into the world
and destroying everything.
So that is why they were
looking for warrior-type species
as a protector
race, so to speak.
And that is when the
Greys as a warrior
species and several other, like
the mantis, the humans as well,
perform their role as defending
warriors and being success--
that very clearly, it's
just a matter of time
because at one
point, the universe
itself gets bored of fighting
because it makes no sense.
What are you going
to do with that?
It's like a video
game where you--
>> Right.
>> Right?
>> And that leads to
this important question.
There are more and more papers.
I was in a meeting at the
University of Southern
California with three physicists
talking about, yes, it
looks like we're in a
holographic universe.
And now comes a headline
that there's a hypothesis
that black holes
in this universe
could literally have
some kind of dynamic
in this being a projected
holographic universe.
If we are in a
hologram, you can't
have the projector inside
of the universe that's
being projected.
You have to have the
projector from someplace
else, another dimension,
another universe.
What is the true,
true nature if we're
in a holographic universe?
Why is it being projected
with the fatal flaw
of violence, the yin
and the yang, the black
versus the white?
What would be the one question
that you've heard Being 6 say
and agonize over?
>> Infinity.
The main question
that they want to know
is, is the universe
finite or not?
And that only answers to them
when every single opportunity,
every particle has been in any
possible place of the universe
at all times, which is
such an amount of data.
I mean, that means that
every single particle,
every possibility needs to
be played out in the universe
to answer the question, is
it finite, or is it infinite?
>> And have you ever been
able to ask Being 6 why would
knowing whether the universe
was infinite or not--
why would that be
their top question?
>> It's a constant
upgrading system.
The universe is self-learning.
And it's a creative system.
So what would happen
basically to existence
if we come to a point where all
possibilities are played out,
that would basically mean--
>> Universe pops out.
[LAUGHS]
>> Yes, I mean, it's either
that we have a new universe,
which brings new possibilities
that we are not even able
to think of right now, which
is basically something that I
assume will happen.
But it could also turn out that
in a enormous amount of time,
we come to a point where the
universe gets bored of itself
because everything
has been played out.
>> Thank you, Tim, for being
with me on another special,
special "Truth Hunter."
>> Thank you for
having me, Linda.
>> Coming up on the
next "Truth Hunter"--
>> Their overall plan is to
become connected to every
living species and every
dimension and frequency there
is in all existence.
>> It is as if this whole
universe is some sort
of an experimental test.
>> They think of themselves to
be the last one to switch off
the light.